Title: Unhinged: A Day in the Life of a Karen

Objective: There's not really one, just be the best Karen you can be and see where it takes you!
Don't think too much about it being realistic like I did (in the real world, most of the choices presented won't fly)
Be the best Karen you can be by earning points. Point ranges will result in different endings

Karen Characteristics: 
 -Drives a champagne gold minivan or SUV
 -Wears a bob but also known to wear a pixie cut
 -Probably divoriced, sas 3 children, but most likely has custody
 -Always on the phone and doesn't care if everyone can hear her  
 -Quick to call the police for something minor
 -Feels the world owes her everything
 -Complete bitch
 -Mentally unstable
 -Middle adged and aggressively entitled
 -In retail stores and restaurants, she is demanding and rude.
 -If things are not done to her liking, she will ask to speak to a manager
 -Takes everything the wrong way and raises hell about it
 -Anti-Vax and relies on essential oils for the health of her children

 Scenario Ideas: 
 -Yell at an essential worker
 -Wine -o clock
 -Call the cops on the kids in the culdesac that's not even my culdesac
 -All lives matter
 -My kid wouldn't say that/Not my kid
 -Make a Denny's waitress cry
 -Threaten to sue

 Scenarios:

 Opening:
 Our adventure begins with Karen sitting in a parking lot in her champagne gold minivan waiting for her daughter Meg to get out of 
 soccer practice. While waiting in the parking lot, Karen is on the phone yelling at her husband Daniel, telling him
 how useless he is because he should have left work early to pick her up. Karen has no job mind you, but 
 she thinks that he should be the one to do it because she has a migraine and so she's not late to her 
 book club at Kim's house at 5:00.

 Scenario 1:
 Clearly distraught from complaining about her husband and how hard her life is, Karen
 puts a little bit too much gas on her pedal as she thinks she's about to speed off... and rams into Kathy's car.
 Kathy then gets out of her car.
  
 Question: What should Karen do?
 Choice A: Get out of the car and threaten to sue Kathy.
 Choice B: Hand Kathy a $20 and tell her that should be enough to cover that "ding"

 Scenario 2:
 (Result of choice A)
 Karen gets out of the car and goes off on Kathy for coming out of nowhere and says that Meg has celiac disease
 (which has nothing to do with the car accident), and that she could've been hurt badly. Karen goes on to threaten
 her for child endangerment. Kathy then points out that Karen is at fault, and that 
 Karen's daughter isn't even in the car. Karen don't have time for this and tosses
 a card with a phone number on it at Kathy. Karen then gets Meg and leaves the scene of the accident.

 Question: Where is Karen going now?
 Choice C: Screw the book club, Karen wants to go home and drink box wine by herself.
 Choice D: Go to the supermarket.

 Scenario 3:
 (Result of choice B)
 Without saying sorry, or having remorse of any kind (or exchanging insurance info), Karen shoves Meg 
 into her car and takes off. On the way home, Meg says she wants to stop and get ice cream.

 Question: Karen is already late for her book club. What should she do?
 Choice E: Get your daughter ice cream so she stops whining.
 Choice F: Go to book club!

 Scenario 4:
 (Result of choice C)
 Karen goes home and pops open a box of Franzia. It really makes no difference since she already finished an entire box 
 earlier in the day. Karen sees some children playing in the street in the cul-de-sac.

 Question: Those kids look like little troublemakers, what does Karen do?
 Choice G: Go out there and give the kids a piece of your mind.
 Choice H: Call the cops on the children.

 Scenario 5:
 (Result of choice D)
 Karen goes to the supermarket and is there to pick up a few things to throw together for dinner. While shopping,
 Karen realizes that the exact brand of butter she uses is not in stock. Obviously, life is hard.

 Question: What does Karen do?
 Choice I: Karen asks to speak to the manager.
 Choice J: Karen finds the nearest store employee and takes action!

 Scenario 6:
 (Result of Choice E)
 Karen makes a stop at Coldstone to get some ice cream to shut Meg up. While ordering, Karen realizes that
 her favorite flavor, Strawberry Daquiri, is all out. Feeling her face starting to get hot because she's 
 had SUCH a rough day...

 Question: Karen decides to...
 Choice K: Complain and try to get free ice cream.
 Choice L: Ask to speak to the manager about how inept they are at keeping one flavor in stock.

 Scenario 7:
 (Result of Choice F)
 After dropping Meg off at home, it is now 5:40pm and Karen is late for book club at Kim's. She walks in
 and finds the girls have started wine 'o clock without her.

 Question: The girls couldn't wait, they're already busy complaining about their husbands instead of talking about books. So Karen
 decides to...
 Choice M: Interrupt Susan's story and talk about how that bitch Kathy crashed into her.
 Choice N: Raise hell about how they got started without her.

 Scenario 8:
 (Result of Choice G)
 Karen goes out and yells at the children for playing too close to her driveway, and threatens to call the cops on them anyway.
 One of the neighboring parents decides to intervene and decides she's had enough of Karen and punches her in the face.

 Scenario 9 (END):
 (Result of Choice H)
 Karen calls the cops and tells them the kids outside look like they're too poor to be residents of the neighborhood.
 She fears for her safety, and believes that those kids are dealing drugs and planning a break in to her home. She also
 believes that all the children are probably vaccinated and that's why they turned out to be bad seeds. The doorbell rings.
 Karen opens the door and gets a punch to the face by Kathy, who had unfinished business.

 Scenario 10 (END):
 (Result of Choice I)
 Karen asks to speak to the manager about not having the exact brand of butter she wants, even though there's dozens
 of other kinds to choose from. The manager calmly asks her if there's any other brand that would work for her or if there'so
 anything that can be done to satisfy her, but no, when Karen doesn't get her way, there's no end in sight. Karen yells
 at the manager exclaiming that she's been a customer there for years, and that this is just the result of pure laziness.
 A random woman steps in and punches Karen in the face.

 Scenario 11 (END):
 (Result of Choice J)
 Karen spots one of the nearest courtesy clerks and immediately begins to yell at her without a face mask on. 
 She says that she needs this butter to serve a proper dinner and that no other kind will do. She asks the girl "what kind
 of essential worker are you?" It has to be the easiest job in the world to keep butter on the shelf, but obviously no one
 here can do that. The clerk begins to cry as she pleads that it isn't even her job to stock the butter. Overhearing
 the tirade, one of the clerk's coworkers comes up and angrily shoves Karen from behind into the canned vegetables 
 causing all the shelves to fall on top of Karen.

 Scenario 12 (END):
 (Result of Choice K)
 Karen cuts to the front of the line, and while paying for Meg's ice cream, shegoes on to say that it's not that hard to 
 serve ice cream, and asks why she has to do everything, and how she has places to be, and that she might as well be 
 behind that counter, and that she should get the ice cream for free. A young girl comes from the middle of the line 
 and slams Karen's face into the counter and knocks her out.

 Scenario 13 (END):
 (Result of Choice L)
 Karen asks to speak to the manager and goes on about how hard it could possibly be to keep strawberry daquiri in stock,
 it's just one among many. The manager explains that that flavor is in high demand and that they will get a new stock
 again tomorrow. Karen goes on about how she's gonna leave this Coldstone a horrible review and urges everyone else that'sac
 in line to do the same. Karen turns around and gets a swift punch to the face from the woman behind her. 

 Scenario 15 (END):
 (Result of Choice M)
 Karen interrupts Susan after barging in and being 40 minutes late and starts talking about how Daniel is useless, and that 
 Kathy crashed into her, and that she almost died. Karen goes on about how hard her life is and how she has to do everything.
 Susan then punches Karen for interrupting her (and she's wanted to do that for a long time).

 Scenario 16 (END):
 (Result of Choice N)
 Karen barges into Kim's house ready to ask why they started without her. But wait, there aren't any essential oils in sight. 
 Instead, she insists that there should be oils present the use will prevent the spread of covid-19, even though in the 
 past she has clearly stated that she believes that it's a hoax. Everyone stops and stares at her for a moment. Kim then 
 gets up and punches Karen in the face.
 
 Ending 1: You are a mentally unstable middle aged woman who is aggressively entitled. You are demanding and rude, 
 especially to workers in the retail or food industry. You threaten to sue or call the cops at every chance you get, 
 especially at the most minor of inconvenciences.
 
 Congratulations! You think like a modern day Karen. And should get punched in the face.

 Ending 2: You make a great Karen, but there are other choices a real Karen would approve of.

 Ending 3: Karen gets arrested for fleeing the scene of the accident at the school and causing public disturbance.
 You think like a Karen, but a real Karen wouldn't have ended up in jail.

 Citation:

 https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Karen

 https://sachsmedia.com/dissecting-karen-meme-only-to-discover/

 https://junkee.com/karen-explainer/234989

 https://www.boredpanda.com/people-share-most-karen-things-done-to-them/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=organic